[application] Transfer learning application with C-API (#549)
nnstreamer/nntrainer: Applications/TransferLearning/Draw_Classification/README.md

### Resource Data

> This is in Applications/TransferLearning/Draw_Classification/res/Training.ini

Reviewer: suggestion:
```suggestion
Sample data is `Applications/TransferLearning/Draw_Classification/res/` .
Sample model configuration is in `Applications/TransferLearning/Draw_Classification/res/Training.ini`
```

Author: done.
